Currently our game mechanics are simple. Match 3 or more tiles in a row, coumn or T/L pattern and the tiles are cleared. If cleared pattern is more than 3 tiles we replace them with special boosters. If there are no possible matches, we swap the tiles except for the special tiles. We need to implement newer game mechanics.


1. Collecting items: Unmatchable items drop from the top of the board and move down as we clear tiles. These cannot be destroyed by any match or boosters or special tiles and just follow normal gravity pattern of moving down. These will eventually touch the bottom row and disappear out of the board and be counted as collected. These items can be of a single or multiple types.


2. Unmovable tiles, multiple hits: These will be special tiles that do not move with gravity and will block any other tiles from moving past them until they are destroyed. These can be of multiple types.
  2.1: Soft tiles(example Wooden crate/Snow): These will require a Single match near them to break. Can break via special effects as well.
  2.2: Hard Tiles(example Metal/rock): These will require 3 or more matches next to them to break. Special effects on them will apply like a single match.
  2.3: Movable blocks with ropes or chains: These are tiles that are attached to a mechanism like a chain or rope that moves away from it' position on the board towards the anchor point of the rope or chain till it reaches the edge of the board depending on how it is oriented. The object at the end of the rope/chain won't be destroyed and the goal is reached when all the objects attached to the rope/chain reach the edge of the board.

3. Flipped movement of the board: for some levels instead of gravity working down, it should instead work up, so tiles start moving up instead of moving down.

4. Special tile reveal: These are special tiles that change a special unbreakable tile into an unbreakable tile of a different design. For example a bulb that is turned off, turns on. A flower bud turns into a flower, etc. Level completes when all the special tiles reach their final state.

5. Spreader tile: These tiles get destroyed when matched, but if there is no match near them they will spread to an adjacent tile after every few moves. The goal of the level is to clear all the spreader tiles before they cover the entire board.
Do not create new classes for the new Tile types. Instead use existing Tile class and add new properties to it as needed. Add new mechanics in a modular way so that they can be enabled/disabled for specific levels as needed
